Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see me.
Cynthia We: Yes, hello.
Cynthia We: The warm there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: IT IS. IT'S THIS IS THE PERFECT TIME TO BE HERE. IT'S, IT'S GORGEOUS huh no complaints bright sunny day. And I don't know, like 72 degrees.
Cynthia We: Oh my god. Awesome. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's, but then the summer.
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Beyond miserable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I forget that the winners are wonderful. And I want to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: So bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'll probably be out there again this summer, bringing my little ones, just to kind of chill. So if you guys want to meet for face to face, you know,
Cynthia We: Give you a you have more than one little one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh, yeah, I had well they're little, I mean little meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: One is going to be 12 in
Gwenevere Abriel: April, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: 16
Cynthia We: Oh yeah so I, yeah, I was thinking they were older
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and 19 then
Gwenevere Abriel: 21 oh yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have, are you on a laptop. Mm hmm. Okay, so let's not waste any time get to it. Let me open up a note here and
Gwenevere Abriel: get us started. So while I'm moving around getting that going
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking, but I always want it to be client driven. I was thinking today. We could do some target mapping
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning sort of finding some history around this emotion of shame that continues for my assessment to infect
Gwenevere Abriel: How everything, everything. Yeah, okay, glad you said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I thought, let's let's not waste our time, let's get right to to the meaty stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, because it's definitely more productive for you. If we can find a really core imagery real core incident. So what you may do right now. If you'd like to. I'm setting up my my computer with this note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I would invite you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: To maybe go to that greenhouse, get yourself centered find that natural breath. Just find your I'm okay moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you get there, let me know.
Okay.
Cynthia We: I'm going to grab a lecture because I'm freezing. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that'd be comfy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe happy place that has all your resources.
Make sure you
Gwenevere Abriel: Become aware of all the temperature and sounds that are
Gwenevere Abriel: Available to you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what you're doing there and maybe even seeing your own hands in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: As they do or don't do anything at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how your body feels there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: wanders off to or or maybe is at rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a sense of the shift of being there. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So while you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Rely on that space to think about some negative possible history here and
Gwenevere Abriel: And do some em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a recent trigger of shame like may have happened five minutes ago or yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a recent trigger that might have been what was steering my decision making and my behavior. And once you get it.
Let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it on your mind. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, hold that in your mind and then go to the earliest time that you can remember having that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the earliest time and the most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can get to that most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you get a sense of how old you were
I'd like to know.
Cynthia We: Hmm, I'm having trouble with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me about the one that is a recent trigger
Cynthia We: Was got was just me about, um,
Cynthia We: We were talking about
Cynthia We: My nephew coming
Cynthia We: And I had talked to my sister.
Cynthia We: via text because it was like 1130 at night and she had robo router at her house and
Cynthia We: She said that she thought that her son would come to Santa Fe first and then go to
Cynthia We: Michigan because she wanted to do a wellness check on him and I responded that I thought, does that have to do with drugs like, to me, it's obvious that something's going on with them.
Cynthia We: And Scott's response to that was, why are you texting.
Cynthia We: Me, My response, I think, was automatically
Again,
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: But I kind of, you know, lashed out at him, and it. Well, first, first I tried to explain because it was late at night we were texting and and I thought I had done a really good job of not making not triggering her not i'm not saying anything mean
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back to I you know I fucked up again.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold hold that in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see where it lands in the body. See if we can we, we may need to go somewhere else to get some some history here, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That distinction between I didn't have the thought that I had fucked up. And now I fucked up again.
Cynthia We: I think it's in my chest. Okay.
Like pretty strongly
Gwenevere Abriel: So go there and feel it when I get a sense of its size and shape and color.
Gwenevere Abriel: And whether it's moving anywhere expanding or contracting
Gwenevere Abriel: Just attend to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find a way to ask that chest when its earliest experience of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tension
Gwenevere Abriel: Skin, a sense of whether
Gwenevere Abriel: The body remembers how
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to ask out loud. Okay, asking my head, you can do in your head.
Cynthia We: Very small.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very small yeah like
Cynthia We: Like I'm
Cynthia We: In our old house. So it was before I was 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Will check and see if the tension here nine
Gwenevere Abriel: The check and see if that chest was there at nine.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then move back to eight mm hmm like third grade, maybe
Cynthia We: Was there. Remember, give you like second grade.
Okay.
Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you just get a little picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: My
Cynthia We: Do you want me to tell you about it.
Cynthia We: Dad was outside playing with me and I was so excited to do is playing
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: I, I had to go to the bathroom, but I didn't actually go inside because I was so excited that he was playing and I put my pants and I'm by then, he had gone into to take a nap. And I had to wake him up to help me get out of my pants and he was pissed.
Cynthia We: I don't feel like my dad always is the one that triggered my shame. I think my mom did more, but I really am having a hard time picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you don't have to do all the heavy lifting. Here you can let me be your therapist, just let me guide you. You don't have to work so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way to do this wrong.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No way to do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, tell me what emotion. You're having right now.
Cynthia We: I'm confused because I I am
Cynthia We: Because I can't really remember.
Cynthia We: That remember that incident very clearly. And I remember how awful. I felt and like, like what a loser. I felt like
Cynthia We: But I cannot remember
Cynthia We: Feeling
Cynthia We: I can't remember a lot of my childhood, like I do, but I don't you know like I don't remember the feelings. I had
Cynthia We: A lot of times
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've labeled it confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you summon it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't come to you the way. Maybe you'd like in the moment.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it doesn't at all.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So how distressed. Are you from zero to 100 hundred is just
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm not super just just, I'm just like, maybe 20 I'm probably average around the 40
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically at a 40 so right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, go back, go back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That moment and check and see if this, I want to word to describe what was going on with the chest, so I don't keep just calling it chest. What's the actual feeling of the chest.
Um,
Cynthia We: Like a constriction tightening
Gwenevere Abriel: To check in, again, see if that was happening with this excitement on not wanting to waste a minute wanted to keep playing. Write it down.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: To see if my chest was happening.
Cynthia We: I had to go in and announce that I put my pants and I needed help cleaning it up. Yeah, yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, man. He was very mad because he had gone to sleep. He was taking a nap.
Cynthia We: narcolepsy was a very big excuse for him to sleep a lot. My childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you saw him being very mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. I didn't you
Cynthia We: Well, what a loser doesn't go to the bathroom and they have to go like, what, why would I wait
Cynthia We: I know better.
Gwenevere Abriel: But can you picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the difference between
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intention of walking in the room, and then seeing how he was very mad when you saw the very mad. Do you remember the emotion that you felt
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm
Cynthia We: Surprised isn't really an emotion, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Again it is. Uh huh. It's a primary one. Actually, no.
Cynthia We: I was surprised. It was the opposite of what I expected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you're surprised to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is embarrassed embarrassed. Okay.
Cynthia We: Because you stop usually stop having excellence. When you're really, really little.
Cynthia We: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to be on there to stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero to 100 what level of distress. Are you out right now.
Cynthia We: I'm
Up to 30
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's to a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Before I go there. I want, I want to find out the, I think what I heard you say the negative cognition. So that's a negative thought that's a belief about the self. So you'll hear me, you'll hear me say the negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a loser. What a loser.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think I say that a lot to myself. I think that unconsciously, I say that a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: At seven. You remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What a loser.
Cynthia We: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of give yourself permission, because I'm going to give you another invitation here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're seven you're surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative thought was what a loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you have liked to have believed about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: At that time,
Cynthia We: I had an accident.
Cynthia We: Or the accidents happen.
Cynthia We: Make me a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what does it make you so go to like
Cynthia We: A normal person.
Cynthia We: That has an
Gwenevere Abriel: accident. I know.
Cynthia We: Person that makes a mistake.
I'm normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, with all of the meaning that you just said it wasn't accidents happened to normal people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get you get a sense of, it would have been nice if you had that thought at the moment this is normal. I'm normal. This is an accident. I'm in here trying to get help.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would have been nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to kind of be doing a slow iteration here with the little blue light.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or so want to kind of get you back in touch with your team of Jim Shaughnessy as a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I say them just give yourself permission to really be with them, you know, see yourself interact with it immersed with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more vivid, the more interactions. You can see also there with Sally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting your growth and your development nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: With in Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: And wise quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of Bob mayor your writing teacher
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your imagination go just kind of let it, let it happen to see see where it takes you.
When you're with your team. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like you're really without imagery right now.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to share my screen with you.
Shortly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who wants you to be looking at the
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we can just look at the the blue light. The furthest
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'll be all the way over on one side all the way over. Okay, I'm going to share the whole screen. Make sure that hopefully it'll take up most of your screen to
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't really care about the middle part
Gwenevere Abriel: So Cindy, I want you to really bring up that awareness of immersion into the qualities of your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you've got them in your mind's eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue to hold them in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to be looking
Gwenevere Abriel: At the slight yeah I'm going to slow it down a touch. I want it to be slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be a little patient with the funkiness of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just the way it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going right way. There we go. Okay, hold them in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That quality of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: nurturing your growth and development.
And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together nice inhale into the belly and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And just gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Share with me, what is coming
Cynthia We: Nothing is coming up. I'm holding them in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how you feeling
Good.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Wow.
Cynthia We: There's something supposed to come up
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe wanting more confidence that you're doing it correctly right now.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Is it working. Is it working.
Cynthia We: I like the image and I like the I like the on to think of those people as
Cynthia We: Yeah, as my protector and my nurturing person and my with my wise person, they're great people. So I feel like I'm very lucky to have
And to have experienced than
Gwenevere Abriel: Me happy to think about it. Let's, let's do more with them. Then, so what I'll ask you to do next is, I want you to now go to this is part of
Gwenevere Abriel: The rewiring okay and remember I told you there's no way to do this wrong. I'm right here, guiding
Gwenevere Abriel: All you do is pay attention to what comes up your work is to not have to edit it for me. I could be of no use to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're doing anything that's a contortion for me just, you gotta catch on Claire you really careful because I already told you there's no way to do it wrong. There's no way you can do this wrong. We're going away. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pull up that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can feel the worst part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That second grade experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it in your mind, the worst picture of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to surround yourself with this team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that imagery be integrated with these qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hold it there and then watch the light left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling it all out, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me what you noticed
Cynthia We: I noticed I stopped breathing.
Cynthia We: Wonder if that's horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: I stopped breathing. I wonder
Cynthia We: Breathing. Well, it's not so much that I wonder if it's normal. I wonder why I do that like weird. That's a weird thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're gonna you're gonna go. You're going to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that negative image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to shift gears a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that negative image. Worst case of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you're noticing.
I remember to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your level of distress from zero to 100
Cynthia We: Higher than it was last time. It's like be
Gwenevere Abriel: 5040 45.5. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Some it faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is the desensitisation part. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can always stop. You could do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it gets up into the uncomfortable stuff. Think that's like in the 65 starting to get uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm watching the time and I'm also trying to watch you and see if you're getting overly distressed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this one is going to be that worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worse picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is faster, try and hold them in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, with me, inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting go
Gwenevere Abriel: And just let me in on what you're noticing.
Cynthia We: Well, I don't really like to hold that in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it. I don't like it. No, it doesn't.
Cynthia We: Make me feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I find myself trying to distract myself like not think about it and not I'm, I'm, I was focused on Scott's sounds from the other were Homer.
Cynthia We: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got distracted.
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And you remember thinking, I have a choice. I can stay with that town outside the room or I can remember thinking, you had some choice in it.
Cynthia We: I remember thinking I should be focusing and looking, I don't
Cynthia We: I don't think I thought I had a choice. I think it was more just
Cynthia We: I have to focus on today. I was floating. Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what level of distress. Let me have a number from zero to 100
Cynthia We: Maybe, like, um, I mean, it's about the same as it was last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm I'm floating away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't like thinking about it. I don't like thinking right now. I don't like
Cynthia We: I don't like holding my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: For this exercise. Can you do it anyway and pull it up. Think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And put that negative thought, knowing that this light is the distraction for you. It's gonna, it's going to be there for you. That's its job is to disrupt
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what it's for. So
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the mechanism of action right in there. So let's see if we can have a change in that so pull it up WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember you can always stop. You don't have to float away. You can always say, I need a break or just put your hands up like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll do it. We'll do it for smaller iterations will do it for like 20 seconds right okay so that that negative and then negative appraisal. The negative thought that worst one. Is it still I'm a loser. That's just, okay, so hold it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you mentioned earlier, I was floating away I
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't have a choice. I needed to distract myself and go with that. Okay, so, watching
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, all of it out all their exhaled out empty that long.
Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring me into your experience happening.
Cynthia We: Um, well, I was able to hold it in my head that time.
Cynthia We: I still don't like it but I like that you did it for less time because I would never tell you to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go with that worse. Pull up your worst image go with what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you get a cognition. I'm a loser. I would never tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together nice belly breath, all the way to the bottom of that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale, all of it out, push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Cynthia We: Feels good to breathe. Think I stopped again.
For you. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are some thoughts.
Cynthia We: Yes or no.
Cynthia We: No.
Nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What level of distress you answer 200
Cynthia We: And probably the same
Cynthia We: 45 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: What's registering let's say muscle tension proclamation right
Cynthia We: There your
Cynthia We: Shoulders. Yeah.
Cynthia We: And like my upper back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that kind of feel that, let's not run away. Let's be present with it, acknowledge it. Let's bring up that negative imagery will do it for even shorter. Do you like that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Cynthia We: 20 seconds is OK that's it feels to work. It's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll stick with funny so pull that negative WORST piece but pay close attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it feels good to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was other messages from shoulders and upper back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
And then
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Cynthia We: I wondered if I had a choice, maybe I don't really have to think I'm a loser. Maybe I don't
Cynthia We: Have a choice in the matter.
Cynthia We: Maybe I
Cynthia We: Don't have to go to that automatically
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna go with that. Maybe I have twice pull up the worst image. Get it in there. You can do this girl got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I have a choice, go with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's push it out.
Cynthia We: making noise again.
Cynthia We: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't go too far. Stay there.
So Scott's making noise.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and I was listening to is
Cynthia We: Trying to figure out what he was doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we go with that trying to figure out what he's doing. Pull up here.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that negative image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Cynthia We: So I was thinking that this is just like meditation when your mind just goes everywhere except where it's supposed to be.
Cynthia We: And and then the teacher when I when I said
Cynthia We: My mind just goes everywhere. And it doesn't stay. And he said, Well, that's the point you just look at it. Watch it. Watch the things go by and don't get caught up in them.
Cynthia We: So maybe it made me feel better to know that everybody everybody experienced that.
Cynthia We: So I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: If
Cynthia We: He was just like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay here we go pull up that negative picture, pull it up and go with that.
Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of mark the end of the iteration. And then exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice
Cynthia We: I was practicing letting that feeling go like just pass by, like, a cloud.
Cynthia We: And not getting caught up.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little scan just run from feet ankle calves nice size.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hips see phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: X ray vision goes all the way through the viscera into the gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the diaphragm to the chest back
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to the shoulders and throat
Gwenevere Abriel: To the jaw.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the years
Gwenevere Abriel: The eyes into the top of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: What tightness one what shifts, perhaps just your own awareness, not getting caught up in my woods, but your own experience.
Cynthia We: It feel like my shoulders are
Cynthia We: Right here is still tight but not as tight. Um, so it's, it feels like a relaxed a little bit, but it still does have a little bit of tension in it, but I don't feel any might
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's still some type in the back, and there's
Cynthia We: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: No feeling in the chest, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your belief about yourself right now.
Cynthia We: I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go with that. Okay, I'm okay. Pull up that negative image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to slow it down just a little bit of cream hanging
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that awareness to the shoulders. I'm okay and then negative
Of course, peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be here long
Gwenevere Abriel: It will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a mark that iteration all the work you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you've gotten the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes next is the invitation to share what came up
Cynthia We: That I was just feeling like I was okay like doesn't I'm I was not letting anything stick to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not letting anything step.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is I'm okay from one to seven seven is absolutely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next what a sex. I'm
Cynthia We: I feel like I'm very. Okay, maybe not 100% okay but I'm pretty okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Six.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm like, very, very, very okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very sorry. Okay, go. Let's go with that pull up that negative image. I'm very, very, very okay six hits
Gwenevere Abriel: It's mark the end of the iteration with a nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Cynthia We: Well, I don't believe myself so I feel like
Cynthia We: I feel like that that voice that jumps in all the time was trying to jump in and talk me out of being very okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is, um, let's try
Gwenevere Abriel: One to 10 How true is it I don't believe in myself, How true is that
Cynthia We: Um, I think it's very true. Most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, one to 10 how true 10 is absolutely true. I
Cynthia We: believe in myself, um,
Cynthia We: I think maybe like a five, you feel very oh
Cynthia We: Maybe a six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want you to bring in
Cynthia We: The team. Oh.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: I can believe in them easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect Quality Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanting your growth and development in nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with that you've kind of retreat.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens with that. I don't believe in myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: hold those together.
Hold
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch a quick
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you noticed
Cynthia We: Well, I believe in myself when they're there I and I
Cynthia We: I feel like I had a little conversation with them about it.
Cynthia We: In my head, and they
Cynthia We: They disagree that I shouldn't believe in myself.
Cynthia We: But it doesn't matter either way if I hold them there. Then I can believe in them easily.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, and then we'll spend some time processing. So I believe in myself. I'm in conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that negative picture. I believe in myself in conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at the left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its destruction.
Gwenevere Abriel: New whole
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: aeration nice inhale and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Close your eyes and turn inward and see
Gwenevere Abriel: What you notice
Cynthia We: Well, I think I can believe in myself.
Cynthia We: Because they believe in Me and I value their opinions, so
Cynthia We: I can believe that I'm capable of
Cynthia We: Doing everything. And if I don't actually feel like that. They're right there. I can call him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if there's any resistance from that statement from your shoulders, see if anything doesn't connect with one
Cynthia We: No, I feel like
Cynthia We: This could gone
Cynthia We: It's not completely relaxed, but it's not
Cynthia We: Normal. What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: That that change.
Cynthia We: I think that realizing that I could count. I could
Cynthia We: Ask for help and count on.
Cynthia We: Them to be there.
Cynthia We: Made me feel like comforted feedback.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Cindy, let's do this together with the minutes that we have left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Repeat after me with your eyes closed and let me guide.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask for help.
Cynthia We: I can ask
Gwenevere Abriel: I can count on them. I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask for help.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can count on them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my arms are war.
Cynthia We: In my arms are
Gwenevere Abriel: Heavy
Cynthia We: heavy, heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: My, my size or warm
Cynthia We: Because or one heavy, heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask for help.
I can ask
Gwenevere Abriel: And count on them.
Just be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: running it through your own mantra of repetition.
All that
Gwenevere Abriel: All that blood moving through the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going where it needs to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't all need to be trapped up in those large muscle groups, it gets to be everywhere. It needs to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Sending nutrients and oxygen or it needs to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can ask for help and you can count on that help
Gwenevere Abriel: Be president with your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Faces and how they interact with you with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice if there's any light.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weight changes just be an observer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a witness to things as they
Gwenevere Abriel: shift and change, no attachment
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend a last minute kind of processing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice about the exercise itself. Maybe what was important for your Sunday.
Cynthia We: And I like that. I didn't know how it worked. So I wasn't trying to do it right, necessarily, because I have no idea how it's supposed to work.
Cynthia We: And I think that a lot of times I do that like to try and get the right answer or time
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Like I'm concerned with
Cynthia We: Doing it right
Cynthia We: Rather than actually doing it so that it helps
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your overall
Sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Stations now. Like, how are you doing
Cynthia We: I feel, I feel okay
Cynthia We: I feel good. I don't have any feelings here or here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Nothing in the body and
Gwenevere Abriel: Shall we do this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I think I think like whatever we just did. I feel like I can remember this, and it was sick.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to hear about it. Love to hear how you stayed in conversation, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're about to meet an experience.
Cynthia We: Home today.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I, continuing the individual work. I do want to meet again next Thursday at 10
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you need anything from me on the front of the couple's piece you need anything.
Cynthia We: I think that we should meet again.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Like we're both kind of just confused about what to do now. So it was. Yeah, because we came up with a budget. Yeah, we're not really able to spend on that budget right now like
Cynthia We: You know he's he's not working. So we have some money, but we can't actually spend it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's confusing in this limbo.
Cynthia We: Yeah. Yeah. And I feel like I'm you know i'm still it. The minute he said a word about anything. I'm like,
Cynthia We: You know, I'll in attack mode so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that might not be the case. Moving forward, you had
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: It may not be the same. That would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Really, I mean, I really feel like I just sabotage everything
Cynthia We: No time
Cynthia We: Oh yeah okay well I'm what
Cynthia We: I feel, I feel like it's not helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you enjoyed something you did today. Oh, you're remembering the positive experience of it will be more likely you'll remember staying in conversation with them as you meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Same triggers right outside the door and just observe it. Hey, this time I caught it sooner than the last time. Oh, this took me longer, you're just going to watch it. There's no judgment about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I forgot it a whole day or. Oh, I thought about it all day. What fun or no snappy summaries just observing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as far as what I have available I scheduled people again I have seven and eight at 8am booked on Saturday. My preference would be even earlier if you and Scott could pull it together at nine.
Cynthia We: That way. Yeah, we could. I think
Cynthia We: Together, double check with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: With him see if you guys like it and it'll be, I guess, addressing either sort of on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The interpersonal dynamics about how to navigate or the tangible stuff. I don't know what you guys are going to want over this next window of period, but it sounds like I'm happy to be of service, let me know. Text me
Cynthia We: Okay, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Be good to you know to have a good one.